Update admindocs refs to Singularity community links (#120)
hpcng/singularity-admindocs: security.rst

Singularity Image Format (SIF)
##############################

> Singularity Community addresses container security as a continuous process. It attempts to provide container integrity throughout the distribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Singularity community addresses container security as a continuous process. It attempts to provide container integrity throughout the distribution
```

Security is not a check box that one can tick and forget.  It’s an ongoing process that begins with software architecture, and 
continues all the way through to ongoing security practices.  In addition to ensuring that containers are run without elevated 
privileges where appropriate, and that containers are produced by trusted sources, users must monitor their containers for newly 

> discovered vulnerabilities and update when necessary just as they would with any other software. Singularity Security Team is constantly probing to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discovered vulnerabilities and update when necessary just as they would with any other software. The Singularity community is constantly probing to 
```
